Scheduler Context Menu Integration: rewrite (#919)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Scheduler/ContextMenuIntegration/description.md

> The [ContextMenu](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/ContextMenu/Overview/) allows you to replace a browser context menu with your custom context menu. The Scheduler offers the following properties to integrate this functionality:

Reviewer: I would do the the same as an instruction:
```suggestion
The [ContextMenu](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/ContextMenu/Overview/) component allows you to replace a browser context menu with your custom context menu. Use the following Scheduler properties to replace context menu for different Scheduler elements:
```

* [onAppointmentContextMenu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#onAppointmentContextMenu)

> Sets a custom context menu for an appointment rectangle.

Reviewer: Why do you prefer 'Set' over 'Specify'? As I see from our reviewers, they usually suggest 'Set a property to x' (same as assign x to y) and 'to specify' means to just add something in code. This is kind of example (not directly related) http://documentation.internalpages.devexpress.devx/documentation-guidelines/language-guidelines/misused-words/represent/#change-to-specifydefineidentify
